SOLR-17444: Add Passage Sorting Option in UnifiedSolrHighlighter (#2697)
apache/solr: solr/solr-ref-guide/modules/query-guide/pages/highlighting.adoc

+
If either `hl.usePhraseHighlighter` or `hl.multiTermQuery` are set to `false`, then this setting is effectively `false` no matter what you set it to.

`hl.passageSort`::
+
[%autowidth,frame=none]
|===
|Optional |Default: `startOffset`
|===
+

> The UH uses the score to select the candidates for the number of snippets defined by `hl.snippets`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UH calculates a score for each passage, and it uses it to pick the best snippets defined by `hl.snippets`,
```
(Users probably don't know passages have a score; they can't even see it after all)

but the final sorting of these selected candidates is determined by this option.

> The available choices are: `startOffset`, `endOffset`, and `score`.

Reviewer: Honestly is a user going to ever choose endOffset?  Could we simplify to only startOffset and maybe not even use that geeky internal word; maybe "natural" would be best understood?
